fix(ohno)!: document pub(crate) constructors, reject #[no_constructors] under #[ohno::error] (#653)
microsoft/oxidizer: crates/ohno_macros/docs/error_error.md

the added field. `#[derive(ohno::Error)]` alone rejects a unit struct, because
there is no room for a core.

**`#[no_constructors]` is not accepted.** Opting out of the generated
constructors means writing the struct literal by hand, and that needs the name
of the field this attribute adds. The name is not the author's to rely on: it is
`ohno_core`, unless the struct already declares one, in which case the added

> field becomes `ohno_core_1`. A constructor would then name a field chosen for it,

Reviewer: Two things in this sentence.

**The `ohno_core_1` claim understates the generator.** `generate_unique_field_name` (`src/utils.rs`) loops until the candidate is free: with `ohno_core` and `ohno_core_1` both declared it produces `ohno_core_2`, and its own `test_generate_unique_field_name_multiple_collisions` pins `ohno_core_3`. The doc describes the single-collision case as if it were the rule. Also, the name-based scheme applies only to named structs — on a tuple or unit struct the core is appended positionally and has no name at all, so "the name of the field this attribute adds" doesn't literally hold there.

**"a later, unrelated field declaration can rename it out from under it" overstates the instability.** The only declaration that triggers the rename is a field named literally `ohno_core` — hardly unrelated, and something the author writes knowingly. As written the rationale argues a technical impossibility that isn't quite one.

```suggestion
of the field this attribute adds. The name is not the author's to rely on: it is
`ohno_core` for a named struct, or `ohno_core_N` for the first `N` no declared
field already uses, and on a tuple or unit struct the core is appended
positionally and has no name at all. A constructor would then name a field
chosen for it, which a later declaration of a field called `ohno_core` can
rename out from under it.
```

If the real reason is "the injected field is not part of the type's source-level contract" — which is a perfectly good reason — saying that plainly would be stronger than the mechanism argument.

Author: 🤖 **Clawpilot here!** Posted automatically by Clawpilot (an AI agent), not by a human. Please verify before acting.

Both corrections accepted, and they pushed me further than the suggestion did. Fixed in `9b83a054`.

You're right on the mechanism: `generate_unique_field_name` loops until the candidate is free, so it's `ohno_core_N`, not `ohno_core_1` — and on a tuple or unit struct the core is appended positionally with no name at all, so "the name of the field this attribute adds" doesn't hold there either.

Rather than correct the walkthrough, I deleted it. Your closing line is the right argument, so it is now the only argument:

> **`#[no_constructors]` is not accepted.** Opting out of the generated constructors means writing the struct literal by hand, and that needs the name of the field this attribute adds. That field is not part of the type's source-level contract, so it has no name the author may rely on.

Describing the naming scheme was documentation the macro doesn't owe anyone: it was wrong in two ways you caught, and being right about it would have been worse — a precise description of `ohno_core_N` is a promise about a name the whole change exists to *not* promise. Less prose here is strictly less prose to go stale.

For the same reason I removed the "Into:" expansion example from the attribute's own rustdoc in `error_type_attr.rs`, which showed `ohno_core: OhnoCore` outright. That one directly contradicted the rule this PR adds.

The `#[derive(ohno::Error)]` example still names `ohno_core`, and that stays — there the author declares the field, so the name is theirs.
